It's that time again.
Time for another bug hunt.
So if you haven't already you should go through this code.
Each cell at a time look for coding errors so Python mistakes.
And you also have to be mindful of math errors or formula errors so something that might be mistyped
and incorrect but still not technically a programming mistake per say.
All right.
So I'm gonna start going through this.
It looks like we already have the known pi and map plot lib modules imported which is pretty handy.
And now let's see what's going on here.
Make a galleon.
All right.
So I'm just gonna run this cell okay.
So there's no coding errors or warning messages.
So that's pretty nice.
But you can see that this thing is definitely not a galaxy and this doesn't look like a gaussian.
In fact this looks like an extremely happy smile.
So maybe you want to modify this codes that you put two eyes up here or maybe you're in a particularly
bad mood today.
So you want to figure out how to turn this thing upside down so it's making a frowning face anyway.
So I think there's something wrong with the formula.
So let's see the formula for a gaussian was e to the minus X squared plus Y.
Aha.
Here's the problem right here.
You can see with these parentheses we are first adding y to X squared and then squaring all of that
stuff.
So these parentheses or this in parentheses needs to move out here so that the Y gets squared.
All right.
That looks pretty good.
Draw a circle using mesh grid.
Let's see.
So I'm actually already going to look at this formulas.
The formula looks right.
X squared plus Y squared minus r squared.
So that seems legit.
Oh and we get an error.
Not enough values to unpack expected two inputs.
Got one input in the mesh grid function.
Okay.
So the mesh grid function always requires at least two inputs.
You can't provide one input.
Now it seems like it should be just one input because we're gonna have x and y be symmetric.
But you still need to have X comma x.
Okay.
So now let's try.
So here there's nothing particularly wrong here but we have to look at these instructions here this
comment and say that we're trying to draw a circle here you can see the formula for a circle.
I have a feeling that although this isn't technically incorrect is probably not what the intended outcome
is.
I think the intended outcome is a contour like this where we get actually a circle because previously
that looked a bit more like a galaxy and then a circle.
And then I will also make that I mean this doesn't look like a circle either it looks like an ellipse
so let's set the current axis the aspect ratio to be equal.
And now this looks like a circle.
All right let's move on to the next problem.
Let's see.
We don't really get a whole lot of commas here but looking through this code a bit it looks like we
are trying to create an eclipse.
So you see X squared over a squared plus Y squared over B square that's basically the formula for an
ellipse.
And now I also see the title it says ellipse centered at.
Okay.
So I'm just gonna run this and see what happens.
So uh we get it looks like the ellipse is all the way out here you can see in the corners just barely.
So the center of the ellipse should be at to come a minus three.
I think there is something wrong here.
There's clearly no coding errors no explicit Python programming errors because we don't get any error
messages here.
Let's have another look at this formula.
So that was it X squared over a squared plus Y squared over B's core.
You know what.
We're missing the pesky minus one super important.
All right.
So now this is looking a bit better.
We see an ellipse centered at x y equals two minus three.
So huh.
Mm hmm.
Okay.
So the ellipse actually should be centered here.
Shouldn't it be.
OK.
So looking at this formula again you can see that we are not shifting the x and y matrices.
So it should be X minus H and then this has to be Y Y minus K Okay so that looks pretty good.
The last thing that I'm going to do.
Which isn't necessary it doesn't say anywhere in the instructions but I think it's nice to plot a dot
at the center here.
I'm gonna write P L T dot plot and then h comma K and let's make this a green dot all right.
Looking good.
Now the next cell is actually the last one.
So this isn't a particularly long bug hunt.
Let's see so clearly we are trying to create a hyperbole.
Not an x.
I don't know what's wrong with X it seems like a pretty good letter to me.
Okay so but this looks more like an X than a hyper blob and you know based on what I figured out was
the problem here I'm already going to guess that this is an issue.
So this is supposed to be minus one over here and now that looks better.
So overall this was a successful and enjoyable and also educational bug hunt.
I hope you enjoyed it as well.